DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: cd8d10fe; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode persuade --from cd8d10fe --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 5
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  5 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a small aircraft's night instrument six-pack, where six luminous gauges hold a pilot's trust through cloud with nothing outside the glass
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-night-flight-six-pack
     CREATIVE SPARK: Outside is ink; inside, six calm dials agree with each other, and the practiced eye sweeps them in a quiet ritual of cross-checks.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: matte black panel ground, instrument faces near-black with luminous white markings, radium-green glow for needles; amber and red lamps only for caution
       - Type/composition: white aviation numerals and tick scales on round dials, terse placard caps beneath each gauge; two ranked rows of three set the fixed composition
       - Topology/navigation: a fixed constellation of instruments, each owning one truth; the cross-check sweep is the reading order.
       - Controls/state: deviations tilt needles before alarms; every gauge shows trend as well as value.
       - Responsive/motion: the six-pack stacks by criticality on phones; needle motion is damped and physical, never snapped.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Real-time data binds to SVG gauges with damped spring physics and a screen-reader flight summary.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-night-flight-six-pack.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-night-flight-six-pack-hero.webp
  2. a hand-drawn technical zine on the web, where marker lettering, doodle arrows, and mascots teach a hard concept the way a friend sketches it on a napkin
     SOURCE ID: hand-drawn-zine-explainer
     CREATIVE SPARK: A cheerful marker headline sits above a doodled diagram, hand-drawn arrows looping from a wide-eyed mascot to a boxed code snippet, highlighter swipes marking the one line that matters as you step through the comic panels.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: cream paper ground, black marker ink, two or three flat highlighter accents in yellow, pink, and teal
       - Type/composition: a hand-lettered marker face for headings paired with a clean readable sans for body
       - Topology/navigation: Move by stepping through numbered comic panels, by clicking mascot-guided call-outs, and by a sketched table-of-contents sidebar.
       - Controls/state: Hovering a doodle reveals its explanation; highlighter swipes animate across the active line; a mascot changes expression to mark done, warning, and gotcha states.
       - Responsive/motion: draw-on animation traces arrows in on scroll, and reduced-motion renders them already drawn.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Author diagrams as inline SVG with hand-drawn paths and animate the doodle arrows via stroke-dashoffset draw-on tied to scroll position.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/hand-drawn-zine-explainer.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/hand-drawn-zine-explainer-hero.webp
  3. a jet-age airline ticket wallet, where carbon-copy coupons, route maps, and baggage tags choreograph one journey through crisp official color
     SOURCE ID: vernacular-ephemera-jet-age-ticket-wallet
     CREATIVE SPARK: Red carbon numerals, a fold-out route arc, a stapled baggage stub: the whole Atlantic crossing fits in a paper wallet.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: carrier navy and red over crisp white coupon stock, carbon purple for every filled figure, the red VOID stamp owning the cancelled state
       - Type/composition: airline grotesk caps on tabbed coupon heads, fare and flight boxes ruled in hairlines, carbon numerals striking fixed fields, one leg per sheet
       - Topology/navigation: the flow is a coupon book; each leg tears off in sequence and the wallet always shows what remains.
       - Controls/state: validated, used, and void states stamp themselves onto the coupon; nothing disappears, it cancels.
       - Responsive/motion: coupons stack into a single stub column on phones; tear-off animates once
     WEB LEVERAGE: Printable, deep-linkable coupon states with URL-addressable legs and offline-capable stubs.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-jet-age-ticket-wallet.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-jet-age-ticket-wallet-hero.webp
  4. a public theater street poster, wood-type capitals shouting at architectural scale, baselines cut on diagonals, type cropped by the edge like crowd noise made visible
     SOURCE ID: brand-identity-canon-scher-street-typography
     CREATIVE SPARK: you cross the street and the wall yells at you, stacked wood-type capitals leaning on diagonals, a word sliced by the poster edge so your eye finishes the shout for it
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: taxi yellow and paper white grounds, dense black wood-type ink, one red-orange band held for the active call to action
       - Type/composition: condensed wood-type caps at architectural scale, baselines rotated on diagonals, words butted and cropped by the frame, no lowercase
       - Topology/navigation: the loudest word is the door, sections stack like postered walls and you move by following the shout that names where you are
       - Controls/state: hover tilts a word onto its diagonal, the selected item flips to reversed type, white out of black, disabled words are half torn away
       - Responsive/motion: on small screens the diagonals relax to steep stacks and the crop gets harder; entrances slam in one beat
     WEB LEVERAGE: variable fonts stretch wood-type weight to viewport; css clip-path crops letters at the frame
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/brand-identity-canon-scher-street-typography.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/brand-identity-canon-scher-street-typography-hero.webp
  5. an alphabet storm, where letters condense into words, break into weather, and reshape the landscape according to grammar
     SOURCE ID: dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-alphabet-storm
     CREATIVE SPARK: Black letters gather into CLOUD, burst into rain, and carve the word RIVER across white ground; changing one vowel turns the current into a field of silver ravens.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: paper white ground, storm-letter black as both body ink and weather mass, one silver flash for words mid-transformation, rain gray for spent grammar
       - Type/composition: a single monumental grotesk behaving as matter, kerning loosening into wind, words breaking across lines as literal weather fronts on an open field
       - Topology/navigation: Travel between letter fronts, word formations, grammatical forces, and the landscapes they produce.
       - Controls/state: Type, split, conjugate, and recombine language while physical consequences remain reversible.
       - Responsive/motion: Use one word-weather event per phone viewport and preserve readable text throughout transformation.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Text parsing, procedural particles, and semantic rules turn typed language into deterministic weather with accessible narrative descriptions.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-alphabet-storm.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-alphabet-storm-hero.webp
  6. a sneaker archive wall, stacked cardboard boxes with silhouette line art printed on the ends, colorway names read as poetry beside monospaced size runs, tissue folded inside each lid
     SOURCE ID: textiles-weave-drape-fashion-sneaker-box-stacks
     CREATIVE SPARK: You slide a box from a stack taller than you; the end label lists the colorway name like a line of verse, the lid lifts with a cardboard sigh, and tissue paper folds back from the shape you already know by silhouette.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: burnt orange box board as the ground, black one-line silhouette art for ink, tissue white interiors, the colorway chip strip carrying accent states
       - Type/composition: condensed caps on the end label over monospaced size-run digits, the label grid of name, colorway, and size ruling every card
       - Topology/navigation: a wall of stacked boxes indexed by their end labels; you browse the stack face, pull a box halfway, and open the lid to go deeper
       - Controls/state: the selected box slides half out of the stack, opening hinges the lid and folds back tissue, the colorway chip marks which variant is live
       - Responsive/motion: the wall re-shelves to a single column of end labels on narrow screens; motion is lid hinge and tissue lift
     WEB LEVERAGE: css 3d transforms hinging box lids open on interaction, grid re-shelving the stack from wall to single column across breakpoints
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-sneaker-box-stacks.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-sneaker-box-stacks-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from cd8d10fe --scope direction --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 5. Build candidate
5 of your own grounded list; seed key cd8d10fe.
